Hey guys welcome back.
OK so in this lecture we're going to do is something that I consider optional but helpful.
So in the last years we talked about dividing up your workflow identifying the steps and the process
to create your content and then dividing them by specialty or just batching them by chunks of tasks
that you think one person could dominate and do well kind of by themselves.
Now now that we have that done hopefully theoretically what we should do is now take that list of functions
or list of things they have to do and turn them into requirements.
Now if you've ever worked in say like web development you might have heard of things like web requirements.
Right.
So if someone wanted to get a quote for a web site or two is going to build a website based on some
specs you gave them they're going to use requirements.
Meaning what exactly do you require from that other person.
It's a term you use a lot of times and contractor hire relationships.
I am giving them some type of requirement.
Now they know that these are the parameters of their job and they have to make sure that whatever their
output is conforms to these parameters without giving them requirements it just increases the likelihood
that they do something wrong.
And also a lot of them will just have trouble starting because they don't know exactly what are the
rules.
It's one thing to say I need someone to write captions for my post.
It's another thing to say I need someone to write 50 to 60 word captions four times a day that are broken
into one to two sittings chunks that are around technology.
And here are the words you can't use.
You kind of get the idea.
So we're going to do right now in our Luxor so I can kind of walk you through a little bit of how that
process would work.
Now let's go back to the video workflow that we had kind of established before.
And I'm going to use this just because there's more pieces to the puzzle so to speak with an image it
was just like find the quote stick it in Kanva upload it or is this one it's more like find the interesting
thing.
Write a caption.
Find some videos edit the videos then load loaded up schedule it and post it.
So number one this whole first section here.
Remember I was going to do that so we don't actually have to do that but let's say for the caption writers
OK.
Now the easiest way to think of this as to first just start describing in detail what they have to do
and then to finish up with the things that would be considered out of bounds.
So for instance the dues would be.
So research each innovation using no more than 3 sources.
OK so that might be a rule.
Now I might set that rule just because I don't want him to use 15 sources.
I want to make sure that they're not researching this like their Ph.D. thesis.
I want to make sure they limit it to a certain amount of sources and this is actually a pretty useful
requirement because a lot of people will not know when to stop.
And so we don't have a time requirement.
So this kind of gives them an alternative way of saying OK I've already gone too far.
We're making sure that we get the gist of the story.
We can write it effectively but we don't need every single detail because honestly they're writing like
five sentences tops.
So then I might say pull out the most relevant pieces of information so I might say pull out four to
six of the most relevant pieces of information for each innovation that may be a little redundant.
Now this is just helping them understand that this process is going to work by picking four to six because
the videos need to be under 60 seconds.
So for captions pretty low six captains probably a little bit much.
We're trying to shoot for that sweet zone of like maybe 30 to 45 seconds in the video and then I'll
say something like captions should be one to two sentences and be able to be understood in context.
OK.
So I understand that you know the captions that they're writing are essentially four to six one to two
sentence Simmie captions for the video.
And then I want them to write them in such a way that they can be understood without context so I don't
want them to write.
This thing is amazing because if someone started the video and spaced out for the first two captions
and then looked at it it will go.
This thing is amazing.
That's not great.
I know obviously in some situations you can't avoid this but they should generally put an effort towards
that.
OK so then once they have say you know four to six of these one to two sentence chunks I want to say
something like make sure the 4 to 6 video captions tell the story.
Simply from the what to the How To the when to the why is this interesting.
OK.
So those are just basic kind of instructions on how you should align them.
Right.
It shouldn't just be four to six interesting things about this.
It needs to tell a story in a narrative format needs to make sense of I was watching this from scratch
your head and the next thing I want them to do is upload a link to the innovation and their captions
into Trello or whatever system it is that you're going to be using.
The next thing I'll do is write D-don't section which will be things like don't describe the innovation
as this or that.
Please introduce the actual name of the product or team working on it.
I think that's pretty important because otherwise you could just say some people have invented this
new material that does this and this and this.
Now I want to make sure that they say the researchers at University of Maryland came up with this new
material.
OK.
And then and don't all say something like Don't write more right.
More than six new captions and exceed say.
I mean this is kind of arbitrary.
This is something you might try out and then see if there's a problem with it or not.
But I would say 80 words 80 words I believe is you know like seven or eight sentences maybe.
Kind of depends on how long your sentences are.
I'll say things like don't give opinions on the innovations or technologies we are covering.
Now that's not necessarily something I care about but if for instance I didn't want people to do that
that was my content strategy I just wanted to introduce it and let everyone else figure it out then
great.
OK so that's a pretty good example of don'ts.
And here are some do's and the last thing you might say is include Waun call to action the end of your
captions set that we'll ask the audience to answer a question and then I'll give them some examples
like such as What do you think about blank.
Is it a fad or the future.
Or I might say or what would you personally use this for.
Or do you think the price is worth it.
OK.
So I would try to spend a little bit more time going into this just to make sure I'm catching all of
the outer bounds.
I try to make sure that I give them as much detail as possible.
One thing you have to keep in mind is as you write this you might write things that you're not 100 percent
sure about and it's up to you if you want to leave them out.
I personally like to put in more instruction at the beginning and then slowly start to relax once I
realize that hey some of these aren't actually that useful like giving opinions on innovations or technologies.
Maybe Actually it's pretty useful if someone says this technology doesn't really make any sense or we're
not sure when this is going to launch but we're skeptical that actually might be kind of interesting
but it's something that I can only make a decision about later on.
Now you might still be ask yourself why are we doing this.
Well it's going to make sense why don't we get to the job postings because these are the parameters
that we're going to give people that they have to follow and is just going to help us fill out our job
for the most part when people see a job posting it helps if you give them the parameters or the requirements
up front helps them have a better idea of how strict this is and whether or not it's something they
can even pull off.
And that will allow them to estimate their cost as well launch more accurately if someone looked at
you know the job to write captions and it only have like one or two rules they might actually give you
a lower price where there's lots of rules and might see that as kind of a pain.
So they might get a higher rate.
Now you might be thinking why wouldn't we just want someone who's the cheapest.
Well because we're trying to do this for the long term.
And if they pitch the wrong price and then find out hey it's got all these rules on it then they're
not going to be a very happy camper.
And that's going to cause problems and we don't want that we want people to work for the price that
they're happy working for and what's worth it for them.
You can't always rely on them to know upfront what's worth it for them.
So it's our job as a hierarchy to give them as much information as possible.
All right guys so that's pretty much the way that I write requirements.
It's Pertti off the fly.
I usually just divide them up in the do's and don'ts and then I combine the list and I'll put those
into the job posting when we get to that section.
All right CNN.